CWS CUJ Tweaks for "I want to understand the developer program policies" (#1983)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/program_policies/index.md

for use in connection with Google Chrome and distributed via the Chrome Web Store, including
applications, extensions, and themes, as well as any ads bundled or made available through the
product. These policies have the same meaning as in the [Google Chrome Web Store Developer
Agreement][developer-agreement]. There are additional quality guidelines that apply to [Chrome Apps][section-chrome-apps] and [Chrome
Extensions][section-extensions]. Be sure to check back from time to time, as these policies may change.

> ## Content Policies {: #content_policies }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Content policies {: #content_policies }
```

Reviewer: Headings need to be sentence case. I'll correct what I can. Will you please check these docs headings that aren't visible in the PR?

Author: WIll do! 👍

landing page of your listed developer website. Products that include content that may not be
suitable for all ages should be marked "Mature" on the [Developer Dashboard][mature-content].

> ### Sexually Explicit Material {: #sexually-explicit }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sexually explicit material {: #sexually-explicit }
```

We don't allow content that contains nudity, graphic sex acts, sexually explicit material, or
content that drives traffic to commercial pornography sites. We also don't allow content that
promotes incest, bestiality, necrophilia, or non-consensual sexual acts. Google has a
zero-tolerance policy against child pornography. If we become aware of content with child
pornography, we will report it to the appropriate authorities and delete the Google Accounts of
those involved with the distribution. Content which contains non-sexual nudity - such as artistic,
educational, scientific, or cultural nudity - is generally allowed, but may impact the visibility
of your Product.

> ### Violent or Bullying Behavior {: #bullying }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Violent or bullying behavior {: #bullying }
```

Depictions of gratuitous violence are not allowed. Products should not contain materials that
threaten, harass, or bully other users. For example, Products should not contain:

- Content which makes a specific threat of serious harm against an individual person or a defined
  group of people.
- Content whose predominant purpose is to single out another person for abuse, malicious attack,
  or ridicule. Content that results in the unwanted sexualization of a person, including malicious
  claims about a person's sexual activities, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
- A series of posts/comments/photos that, taken together, clearly have the primary intention of
  harassment, even if each individual piece of content is not severe.

> ### Hate Speech {: #hate-speech }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hate speech {: #hate-speech }
```

We don't allow content advocating against or inciting hatred towards groups of people based on
their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, nationality,
sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, or any other characteristic that is associated with
systematic discrimination or marginalization.

Additionally, the visibility of your Product may be impacted if it contains generally hateful
content not covered by the above definition.

> ### Violent Extremism {: #violent }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Violent extremism {: #violent }
```

We remove content that recruits, fundraises, or promotes violence on behalf of extremist groups
defined by the US State Department and other international organizations. Violent extremism is
defined as the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims or goals outside
of societal norms.

> ### Impersonation or Deceptive Behavior {: #impersonation }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Impersonation or deceptive behavior {: #impersonation }
```

reversible by the user.

We do not allow products that deceive or mislead users, including in the content, title,
description, or screenshots.

Don't misrepresent the functionality of your product or include non-obvious functionality that
doesn't serve the primary purpose of the product. Descriptions of your product must directly state
the functionality so that users have a clear understanding of the product they are adding. For
example, products should not contain:

- Claimed functionalities that are not possible to implement (e.g. "Who has
  viewed your social media account") or which are not directly provided by the
  extension (e.g. file converters which only link to other file conversion
  services)

- Any metadata that misrepresents the extension's or developer's current status
  or performance on the Chrome Web Store (e.g. "Editor's Choice" or "Number
  One")

If your product has a blank description field or is missing an icon or screenshots, it will be
rejected. If any of your product's content, title, icon, description, or screenshots contains false
or misleading information, we may remove it.

> ### Featured Products {: #featured-products }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Featured products {: #featured-products }
```

The Chrome Web Store features products that align with our standards, values, and that we believe
will produce valuable user experiences. Certain products that don't meet these standards, but which
do not explicitly violate CWS policies - such as VPN extensions and Video Downloaders - may be
restricted from feature in the Store, but will still be available to users. For example, the
following products are currently not featured in the CWS Store:

- Religious or political content
- VPNs
- Video Downloaders
- Anti-Virus tools
- Content deemed not family friendly
- Bots
- Cryptocurrency
- Non-production builds
- Prohibited products
- Gambling content
- Extensions whose developers have questionable reputations, such as historically misleading or
  malicious extensions.

> ### Intellectual Property {: #intellectual-property }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Intellectual property {: #intellectual-property }
```

Don't infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, including patent, trademark, trade
secret, copyright, and other proprietary rights. We will respond to clear notices of alleged
copyright infringement. For more information or to file a DMCA request, use [this tool][report-content].
Additionally, the visibility of your Product may be impacted if we believe it potentially infringes
on intellectual property rights.

### Illegal Activities {: #illegal-activities }

Keep it legal. Don't engage in or promote unlawful activities in your product, such as rape, illegal
sex work, or the sale of prescription drugs without a prescription.. We will remove content which
promotes, glorifies, or encourages dangerous or illegal activity that may result in physical harm to
those involved.

### Gambling {: #gambling }

We don't allow content or services that facilitate online gambling, including but not limited to
online casinos, sports betting, lotteries, or games of skill that offer prizes of cash or other
value.

> ### Regulated Goods and Services {: #regulated-goods }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Regulated goods and services {: #regulated-goods }
```

and load data and other information sources that are external to the extension,
but these external resources must not contain any logic.

Some common violations include:

- Including a &lt;script> tag that points to a resource that is not within the
  extension's package
- Using JavaScript's
  [eval()](mdn-eval)
  method or other mechanisms to execute a string fetched from a remote source
- Building an interpreter to run complex commands fetched from a remote source,
  even if those commands are fetched as data

Communicating with remote servers for certain purposes is still allowed.  For instance,
- Syncing user account data with a remote server
- Fetching a remote configuration file for A/B testing or determining enabled
  features, where all logic for the functionality is contained within the
  extension package
- Fetching remote resources that are not used to evaluate logic, such as images
- Performing server-side operations with data (such as for the purposes of
  encryption with a private key)

If our reviewers are unable to determine the full functionality of your
extension during the review process, we may reject your submission or remove it
from the store.

> ### Prohibited Products {: #prohibited-products }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prohibited products {: #prohibited-products }
```

Deceptive installation tactics include:

- Unclear or inconspicuous disclosures on marketing collateral preceding the Chrome Web Store
  product listing.

- Misleading interactive elements as part of your distribution flow. This includes misleading
  call-to-action buttons or forms that imply an outcome other than the installation of an extension.

- Adjusting the Chrome Web Store product listing window with the effect of withholding or hiding
  extension metadata from the user.

- Bundling other extensions or offers within the same installation flow.

- Requiring unrelated user action to access advertised functionality.

For more information about this policy, please see the [Developer FAQ][deceptive-installation].

## Spam & Placement in the Store {: #spam }

Developers are important partners in maintaining a great user experience in the Chrome Web Store.

> ### Repetitive Content {: #repetitive-content }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Repetitive content {: #repetitive-content }
```

Some examples of Keyword Spam include:

- Lists of sites/brands/keywords without substantial added value
- Lists of regional locations
- Unnatural repetition of the same keyword more than 5 times
- Unattributed or anonymous user testimonials in the product's description.

### User Ratings, Reviews, and Installs {: #ratings-reviews }

Developers must not attempt to manipulate the placement of
any extensions in the Chrome Web Store. This includes, but is not limited to, inflating product
ratings, reviews, or install counts by illegitimate means, such as fraudulent or incentivized
downloads, reviews and ratings.

### Functionality {: #functionality }

Do not post an extension with a single purpose of installing or launching another
app, theme, webpage, or extension. Extensions with broken functionality—such as dead sites or
non-functioning features—are not allowed.

### Notification Abuse {: #notifications }

We do not allow extensions that abuse, or are associated with abuse, of
notifications by sending spam, ads, promotions, phishing attempts, or unwanted messages that harm
the user's browsing experience.

> ### Message Spam {: #messages }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message spam {: #messages }
```

We don't allow extensions that send messages on behalf of the user without giving
the user the ability to confirm the content and intended recipients.

In addition to these requirements, all extensions must comply with [Google's Webmaster Quality
Guidelines][websmaster-guide].

For additional information about the spam policy, see the [Spam FAQ][faq-spam].

For information about Product ranking, please see [these FAQs][faq-product-ranking].

> ## User Data Privacy {: #userdata }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User data privacy {: #userdata }
```

you disclosed. This policy establishes the Chrome Web Store's minimum user data privacy
requirements; you or your Product must comply with applicable laws.

Please see this [FAQ][faq-user-data].

> ### Personal or Sensitive User Data {: #userdata_psud }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Personal or sensitive user data {: #userdata_psud }
```

#### Posting a Privacy Policy & Secure Transmission {: #post-privacy-policy }

If your Product handles personal or sensitive user data (including personally identifiable
information, financial and payment information, health information, authentication information,
website content and resources, form data, web browsing activity, user-provided content and personal
communications), then your Product must:

- Post a privacy policy, and
- Handle the user data securely, including transmitting it via modern cryptography.

> #### Privacy Policy Requirements {: #privacy-policy-req }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### privacy policy requirements {: #privacy-policy-req }
```

The privacy policy must, together with any in-Product disclosures, comprehensively disclose how your
Product collects, uses and shares user data, including the types of parties with whom it's shared.
You must make the the policy accessible by providing a link:

- In the [designated field][account-settings] in the Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard.

> #### Prominent Disclosure Requirement {: #prominent-disclosure }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Prominent disclosure requirement {: #prominent-disclosure }
```

If your Product handles personal or sensitive user data that is not closely related to functionality
described prominently in the Product's Chrome Web Store page and user interface, then prior to the
collection, it must:

- Prominently disclose how the user data will be used, and
- Obtain the user's affirmative consent for such use.

> #### Other Requirements {: #other-userdata }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Other requirements {: #other-userdata }
```

    </tbody>
  </table>

> ### Limited Uses of User Data {: #limited_use }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limited uses of user data {: #limited_use }
```

An affirmative statement that your use of the data complies with the Limited Use restrictions must
be disclosed on a website belonging to your extension; e.g., A link on a homepage to a dedicated
page or privacy policy noting: "The use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
[Chrome Web Store User Data Policy][section-user-data], including the [Limited Use][section-limited-use] requirements."

> ### Use of Permissions {: #permissions }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use of permissions {: #permissions }
```

Ads are considered part of your Product for purposes of content review and compliance with developer
terms, and therefore must comply with the above content policies. Ads which are inconsistent with
the [content rating][content-rating] of your products or extension are also in violation of our developer terms.

> ### Ads Context and Attribution {: #ads-context }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ads context and attribution {: #ads-context }
```

Ads must be presented in context or clearly state which product they are bundled with. Ads must
also be easily removable by either adjusting the settings or uninstalling the product altogether.
Ads may not simulate or impersonate system notifications or warnings.

### Ad Walls {: #ad-walls }

> Forcing the user to click on ads or submit personal information for advertising purposes in orderto fully use an app or extension provides a poor user experience and is prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forcing users to click ads or submit personal information for advertising purposes in order to fully use an app or extension provides a poor user experience and is prohibited.
```

> ### Interfering with Third-party Ads and Websites {: #interfering-ads }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Interfering with third-party ads and websites {: #interfering-ads }
```

Ads associated with your product may not interfere with any ads on a third-party website or
application. You may show ads alongside a third-party website only if all of the following
criteria are met:
- This behavior is clearly disclosed to the user.

> - There is clear attribution of the ads' source wherever those ads appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is clear attribution of the ads' sources wherever those ads appear.
```

- The ads do not interfere with any native ads or functionality of the website.
- The ads do not mimic or impersonate the native ads or content on the third-party website, and
  the ads adhere to the content policy on [impersonation and deceptive behavior][19].

{% Aside %}

> Currently, AdSense may not be used to serve ads in Products, per [AdSense policies][adsense].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, AdSense may not be used to serve ads in products, per [AdSense policies][adsense].
```

{% endAside %}

> ## Extensions Quality Guidelines {: #extensions }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extensions quality guidelines {: #extensions }
```

> ### Single Purpose {: #single-purpose }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Single purpose {: #single-purpose }
```

  in the description that the user sees when choosing whether to install it.
- You must clearly identify that you, not Google, are the seller of the products or services.
- Regardless of the method of payment, you may not process payment transactions that are prohibited
  for Google Checkout under the [Google Checkout Seller Terms of Service][checkout-seller-terms]. This includes any
  illegal transaction or the sale or exchange of any illegal or prohibited goods or services,
  including the prohibited products set forth in the [Content Policies for Google Checkout][checkout-content-policy].

## Policy Enforcement {: #policy_enforcement }

### Repeat abuse {: #repeat-abuse }

Serious or repeated violations of the Chrome Web Store Distribution Agreement or these Program

> Policies will result in the suspension of your developer account, and possibly related developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policies will result in the suspension of your developer account, and possibly related developer
```

accounts. Additionally, you may be banned from using the Chrome Web Store. In extreme cases, this
may also result in the suspension of related Google services associated with your Google account.
Repeated infringement of intellectual property rights, including copyright, will also result in
account termination. For more information on Google's copyright policies, please use [this
tool][report-content].

> ### Enforcement Circumvention {: #enforcement-circumvention }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enforcement circumvention {: #enforcement-circumvention }
```

Any attempt to circumvent intended limitations or enforcement actions will result in the immediate
termination of your developer account, and possibly related developer accounts.

> ### Notifications and Appeals {: #appeals }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notifications and appeals {: #appeals }
```

> In the event that your Product is removed from Chrome Web Store, you will receive an email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event that your product is removed from Chrome Web Store, you will receive an email
```

notification to that effect, with further instructions if applicable. Please verify that the

> associated publisher account with your Product can receive emails from external parties and not get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated publisher account with your product can receive emails from external parties and not get
```

> flagged as Spam to ensure that you receive all communications in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flagged as spam to ensure that you receive all communications in a timely manner.
```
